Administration system usually have complex and irregular structure of different pages and controls on it.

AModules2 required to define "page" class for every page you want to display. In AModules3 we are doing a step
forward and making this process much simplier. To prevent user doing all kinds of funny combinations with
our classes, we will have to define all possible pages anyway, but instead of creating lots of classes for that,
we are introducing addPage() method.


addPage would insert a new object reperesenting a page/container into the application. addPage will not do anything
with if the page is not active (requseted), the class will be unitialized and addPage will return 'null'.

However if the page you are adding is actually requested, this function will perform few steps to give you
maximum flexibility at as little effort as possible.

addPage('Preferences');

is a common way to define a page. When Preferences page is requested, Api will first try to find class called
page_Preferences. Following AModules3 core specs it will try to pick file page/Preferences.php if the class
does not yet defined. If no such class exist, it will use default class "Page" instead but will try to use
custom template for it.

template will be searched with the same name as the page. So this would check templates/Preferences.html and
also shared and amodules3 template directories. That means you should be careful when naming pages with same
names as existing templates, such as 'Menu', you might have conflicts with templates, unless you define your
page_Menu class.

to give you even more flexibility, your template will be able to use GET arguments passed to the page to fill
out tags. Since this is for display only, it is not introducing any security risk. Easiest example is to use
text like this:

Page <?$page?> is not found!

$_GET['page'] will be inserted into the tag. Another idea is to create page Success, pass "message" argument to
it and make template display that message. Then you can have one common page which would display different
types of messages without writing any PHP code.

